[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart How are you? I hope you're
having a spectacular day The
weekend is almost here and it's
Thursday, as you know on
Thursdays I like to do a podcast with
all my colleagues No or with someone
Well, we're rotating because we can't
all fit on screen and so I'm expecting
everyone at 8 in the evening okay
set your alarm and don't let me down because
the afternoon is going to be super super entertaining
don't forget that on
Sundays when I have a guest
we have a date too not this Sunday
in particular we have No more and no less than
Julián Contreras the son of Carmen
Ordóñez we're going to find out about him we're going to
find out what he's up to now And
why not I'm also going to give you a little
surprise with him okay So
write it down in your calendar and don't miss me I did
n't miss and stop by here Okay well well let's
see I have to tell you a lot
about this video And I'm
delighted that
they've highlighted this on Antonio David's Channel
personally I'm not finished  to convince
the idea of ​​this new section that
Antonio David is putting on his channel in which
a person who is a friend of well, a friend of
them and so on, not a person close to
them, gives the news, I mean, he makes like
a kind of videos these are not two
minutes long, three minutes long, commenting on a
news story but Antonio David doesn't do it
with images and so on, they don't do it with
a person close to him narrating it, not
a person from his team, I
personally would like it more if
Antonio David did it, I mean, my son,
send the audio and let him put
the images. I think that would get
more people hooked. In fact, Diego Arrabal is
also starting to make this type
of content
well, he was very thoughtful with
Olga Moreno, which I thought was
spectacular. We were also
commenting on it in the live broadcast yesterday
and in some other videos, but I really like
the detail that Antonio David
brought this up and highlighted it
because I think that everyone
should realize these things. It
turns out that a few days ago we
had the bombshell of the highly publicized
criminal complaint that Rocío
Carrasco filed against Olga Moreno with Belén Esteban
Because well because it came out in Sálvame that
Rocío Carrasco owed more than a million
euros to the community of Madrid and she wasn't
paying them no and it turns out that she blamed
Olga Because while Antonio David
was on Big Brother Olga would
receive a letter that she would open and
therefore Olga would have had to
tell Belén Esteban and Belén
Esteban tell it on Sálvame a lot of
speculation or rather look at you this
person files the lawsuits and the complaint
based on what she feels or what
she would like things to be like
all the lawsuits that Antonio David has filed against her she
has lost all the
lawsuits that they have filed against Olga she has
lost I don't know if they will always
condemn her to pay the costs Because if they
always condemn her to pay the costs this woman
calmly takes the million euros
that she owes to the community of Madrid or
by day I don't know if she will have paid them now
that she has worked so much not in a
serious state Well she should have paid it no
Well family
the question is that this criminal complaint
has been dismissed by the
provincial court because it had neither head nor
tail  has overturned this criminal complaint
that was talked about so much that even
during the broadcast of the first
docuseries there was a lot of talk about
this complaint no And now it turns out
that the provincial court overturns this
complaint
and neither in Sálvame nor in the magazine
Lecturas they give the news let's see
something let's see if I get this straight you know
turned into the slaves of Rocío
Carrasco in an advertising pamphlet for
Rocío Carrasco I am no longer a
media outlet if you ever
were one I am no longer a celebrity press
because no you can tell me no but it's
not about the Flor family no no no no no no no no no no no
on Sálvame they
have dedicated the whole week to Olga
Moreno they have been analyzing Even
sign language for her
facial expressions she is worth
the cover of Lecturas magazine It is
about a photograph that they took of
Rocío Flores on vacation to well
to see her new body not after
the surgery Well it seems to me that
Rocío Flores looks very good Besides I
think she is a very pretty girl and I
think that in some of those photos Also
I  I've seen her in person and she's super
pretty, she's super cute but I think that in
those photos she comes out well, I mean, in the photo she comes out
well, she's perfect but I
see some photos as if with malice because they
take pictures of her they try to take pictures of her
bending over to see if they can catch a
little bit of wrinkles on her stomach
one with her butt up I mean I think
a photo that's not relevant
because if we want to see the body no way take it standing
up take the one from behind but
one I don't know I think that there are photos that
have malice behind it okay but man
are you telling me that you give all this
news and this one doesn't So you don't
inform you as the media don't inform
you are Rocío
Carrasco's pets you know turned into Los
Plebeyos into the dragged ones the balls I mean
your job is no longer to inform
or do gossip press your
job now is to try to convince
everyone that Rocío Carrasco is
the best and the coolest and the most perfect
and the most good and that she doesn't lose anything
because she is an empowered woman I mean
your job is no longer what it was  it was
supposed to be done No if it has
been at some point let's
see if Rocío Carrasco has lost
the complaint because she gives the news That's it
no what intention do you have of not giving the
news is it the same as when they don't give the
news that they are asking for Rocío Carrasco
a year in prison supposedly
not for alleged family abandonment not
because of the issue of the son for not paying
child support no of these news they
are not saying absolutely anything and
that Rocío Carrasco does not have according to
many mouths that she does not have the
things in her name what is happening there you do
not make an episode of that
Therefore you cannot be taken seriously
your opinion is worth it is not worth it you see me here and
I do not believe Rocío Carrasco I
think she is a liar but if you see me
I am not on a side and in a team
when I have to give news I have
found Antonio David or I am going to
criticize you Antonio David because he has done
something that I do not like I criticize him just
as I do not like Amador just as I do not
like Ortega Cano but you are not worth it
you are already a pamphlet
Rocio Carrasco's advertising, some dragoons, some
slaves, your opinion is no longer valid, they are
Rocio Carrasco's pets, I
really don't understand why they have continued with
this, I don't know what demands
Rocio Carrasco had against these people to make them
have so much respect and so much
fear of her, now suddenly because you can
agree with her, come on, okay, the
documentary is made, we withdraw the demands, we
withdraw the compensations, but
two years later you still have to
defend the story with your noses
when there is not even business
behind this, which is not to say. Well,
for example, how are there people who,
because of polls, take and change sides,
no, no, no, it's not like
the ratings are not even working here or anything, you
are in ruins. So I do
n't understand this anymore, but
as a means of communication, both
reading and the Sálvame program, with
this they have shown that they are useless, they
have no intention whatsoever of being
objective, or of informing, or of telling
truthful things, they are only flattering Rocio
Carrasco, a hug, family, I will be
reading the comments box. We
love you very much.
[Music]